he has no question of the pieces because he is very much like that
it's basic to know each species
is to make the pieces
each species has its needs from the squares of the city against
pakistan with the career is so that these basic needs and the
They have a very good account.
a hint
every three years at the beginning let's take a break from four out of four
times a year
is the ideal is in the second year of the sculpture we can lower your boots
two to three times a year
and let's keep the shape of the pec
in the case of climbing vines
marta as soon as she goes where if he leaves I stay out of the party we
push it until it fills this wire increment and then it's just
cut the famous indra to the faith
in the case of this vine is also the same process
began to leave the paper speak of the play
in every breast went out
only this is enough you will have a password always beautiful
and if it is missing
there is no way of not recognizing the talent of the company itself in its
Touch
it is not easy to combine that because it is decisive
because complex ecological and logical aspects of vegetables need to be
taken into account together with knowledge on aesthetics
not to mention that numerous materials of different types are incorporated into
several techniques you have seen demonstrated in this course
However, the topiary does not have to be seen as an exclusive technique of
virtuoso extremely trained artists
and extraordinary talents
anyone informed when stimulated I try to practice and
practice has the ability and the resourcefulness to
wings to creativity
we arrived at the end of our course ditou hopi hari
we are sure
and with this information you will have every chance of reaching
more and more success in their profession
We remind you that you must complement everything that has been seen
exercises proposed at the end of this
and especially the final evaluation of the course through which, when being approved
you will receive a course completion certificate
important for the labor market
success in their professional life
the nanny and ariadna is the art of acting in the transformed garden
vegetable sculptures
the best photo I try to define topiaria is the partnership of nature to
give life to art
the sculptures in lousy are of simple with the pt
practices for transport
simple maintenance
and for this feat these pieces can with the cost and the values ​​of the pieces are
accessible to the market for marketing
I hope everyone has had a good time with practice.
wonderful pieces
a man
turns on